Richelle Direny: You turn on your camera for me.
Sandee A: Oh, come on. There it is.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You said you're still at the hotel. Right.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay you your daughter came by today or no.
Sandee A: No, not yet. She just got off work at five o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um, so tell me a little bit about the home because I, you do have an appointment, because I did ask them to get you an appointment with Natalie.
Sandee A: Yeah, they gave me an appointment at 9am on Monday with Natalie.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I know you said that you're really, really overwhelmed and really anxious about the upcoming surgery.
Sandee A: Yeah, I don't have any options left and it's less than two weeks away.
Sandee A: And it's the surgery is going to determine if I have the use of my legs or if I lose my legs. I'm out of options there is no if ands or maybes, I have to have the surgery.
Sandee A: And after the doctor went over the list of things that could go wrong, which I, they have to, you know, I'm, I mean, I understand that.
Sandee A: I don't have the option to not have the surgery because
Sandee A: The tiny blood vessels that are now supplying circulation to my legs.
Sandee A: Also supply blood to vital organs like my kidneys in my liver
And
Sandee A: Those organs are being compromised.
Sandee A: So that's the reason why they want to get me in quickly.
Sandee A: And I sent you and Natalie both name of the surgery.
Sandee A: And they're going to go from my shoulder to my leg.
Sandee A: Was an artificial thing.
Sandee A: Is that doesn't work. I will raise my life.
Richelle Direny: And what they're doing this the type of surgery which that's more, you know,
Richelle Direny: Natalie is field of, you know, her expertise and everything that's going on.
Richelle Direny: With what they're doing. It's, um,
Richelle Direny: Is it to do what the, what is it a cloud or whatever is going on with the circulation in your leg.
Sandee A: Back in
Sandee A: October and November I had the angioplasty was just supposed to be easy peasy in and out and done where they open up the arteries and put instance, who are necessary.
Sandee A: That didn't work and they perforated my artery. I had to go back in February. And I mean, December. And they did a double the mortal Artery Bypass
Sandee A: I just learned that the doctor who did that made several mistakes in doing it and it is closed up it's failed.
Sandee A: I've got these artificial graphs in my body that clogged there they're blocked off. They're not producing what they shouldn't have done.
Sandee A: In each day that I
Sandee A: Don't have this surgery, I'm compromising all the other organs, because if muscles and tissues. Don't get adequate oxygen rich blood they die.
Sandee A: So,
Richelle Direny: So they're trying to just kind of restore back the flow of
Richelle Direny: Oxygen needed and deoxygenated blood on that side.
Sandee A: On both sides. Eventually, I'm going to have to have the left side done as well.
Sandee A: But it's the right side that worse.
Sandee A: So now I'm looking at two surgeries over the summer before I can have my right hip replaced
Sandee A: And that is also preventing me from walking without my Walker.
Sandee A: Right now, I cannot go anywhere without it. I call it my Master Card goes everywhere I go and I absolutely cannot do stairs at all.
Sandee A: Which is also another prevention of getting a room are getting a apartment not able to the stairs.
Richelle Direny: So the apartment that you were moving in was a first floor apartment.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: So why was it that you, you weren't able to move in with her daughter.
Sandee A: There's four adults in the family and two dogs in a
Sandee A: three bedroom ranch. There's just absolutely no room.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you said for adults, which was she has adult children.
Sandee A: Yes. A 16 year old and a 23 year old that was
Richelle Direny: Ok ok so with her, her husband, I'm assuming, and two children.
Sandee A: Yes.
Richelle Direny: It's a long time, but you're caught, you're pretty close to where she lives.
Sandee A: And then the same time.
Richelle Direny: So what was going on with the apartment.
Sandee A: I don't know. They told me they would call when it's available.
Sandee A: So now that do with laying off workers do to Colin.
Sandee A: I am just really unsure at this time.
Richelle Direny: Now, given that, you know, one of the things that you had in your last department was that you had, um,
Richelle Direny: You have someone that came like an aid that came to assist you.
Sandee A: Yes, three days week
Richelle Direny: And you do, you don't have that now.
Know,
Richelle Direny: What is the person comes to assist you with
Sandee A: Everything from Beijing to
Sandee A: Doing my medication reminders.
Sandee A: Helping me cook.
Sandee A: Laundry.
Sandee A: It's literally almost impossible for me to walk right and when I do walk in.
Sandee A: Every step I take is painful because my hip pops.
Richelle Direny: Even with even with a walker it's it's it's becoming more
Richelle Direny: Atheists is your
Richelle Direny: Is your daughter come by and help you
Sandee A: As much as she can.
Richelle Direny: Hold her. And what about
Sandee A: Sunday and pick me up and I went to her house and makeup done she helped me do laundry.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what about your grandchildren. The, the, if there is a boy and a girl or two boys.
Sandee A: Yes, my grandson. This
Sandee A: doesn't dry he's
Sandee A: He's a good support person I text him now and then and he's very active in their church.
Sandee A: But he also or a full time job and my granddaughter is 16 she's very active with activities. The just now starting back up with softball.
Sandee A: They're both grandkids are in the choir at church and they're just now starting back up with the practices and
Sandee A: So my daughter is very busy and I didn't come down here to be burdened with her.
Sandee A: And not reached out and what
Sandee A: Benefits that I am allowed our qualify for I am getting meals here in my room. They bring me a hot meal every day.
Richelle Direny: Is that the hotel or motel you're staying here.
Sandee A: It's a budget in
Richelle Direny: Like long I
See
Sandee A: I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: It's like an extended thing.
Sandee A: Why vendors since May, the first
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so I really did.
Sandee A: Luck out when I come down here on
Sandee A: Everybody kind of shrieks when they say, Oh my gosh, you know, that's expensive. Well, yeah, it's normally $250 a week.
Sandee A: And
Sandee A: Someone that my daughter knows at the church was able to make a deal with the people who own motel I pay $100 a week.
Sandee A: And that is really not much more than I paid
Sandee A: For my apartment.
Richelle Direny: So Mike, Mike. So who is so who is providing these meals. The hotel.
Sandee A: And the meals know it's a senior citizens then are down here. Meals on Wheels.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so, so as far as you be there, like in terms of getting the meals in certain things. You have a lot of support where that's concerned.
Richelle Direny: Your biggest stressor right now is the upcoming surgery and what is overwhelming you is the information they gave you with the the the uncertainty as to whether or not you will have us if you're not
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: I want you to basically tell me, just what is just you just express it. What is frightening about the concept
Richelle Direny: Because I know the last time that we spoke it was the either the wheelchair or the arm or kind of like with the surgery. Either you could be in a wheelchair for a very long time or now you will lose your legs and when, when you say lose your legs. You mean amputating it
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay.
Sandee A: I cannot restore oxygen rich
Sandee A: Blood flow.
Sandee A: More than what I have with the teeny tiny veins, then
Sandee A: Tissues and muscles will dissipate.
Sandee A: And die.
Sandee A: So eventually, yes, that is a probability that is this option, this option that I'm going through and it's the only option left
Sandee A: It fails.
Sandee A: And I'm just overwhelmed because
Sandee A: After understand back in October, when they said, oh, this is simple. It's an angiogram and going with the balloon and blow up your veins put in the stent.
Sandee A: And then you're good to go. When that failed and I coded on the table. I mean, I actually died on their table and they revived me gave me blood patch me up less than a month later, I went in for a double the moral arc bypassed.
Sandee A: Which he spliced in do a main artery.
Sandee A: And tried to route blood flow to both of my legs from his artery, and he didn't do
Sandee A: According to the surgeon. I'm seeing now. He did not do the proper technique and it failed.
Sandee A: So that bypass graft is occlusion. It's completely shut off.
Sandee A: The other doctor kept telling me that I would create new veins. Well, with that being said there was a possibility that might have worked for someone who is younger and more active and
Sandee A: In better health than I am, but it did not work for me, mainly because I wasn't able to move around, or do as much physical therapy as they wanted me to. And if you remember the main reason that I wanted to come down here was hip surgery.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Sandee A: Well, that had to be postponed.
Richelle Direny: Because what's more pressing is what's going on with your leg.
Sandee A: Yes, and the vascular surgeon explained to me that if they can't get this blood flow restored. Then I will not heal. If I have a major operation like the hip replacement right now they're afraid that if I get any open wound up what so ever that I will not heal.
Richelle Direny: Because of what's going on.
Sandee A: Right. Yes.
Sandee A: They've even told me not to shave my legs.
Sandee A: But I, I stopped using electric our regular razor. Many years ago, I use an elector shape or so that's a good thing.
Sandee A: But they they have stress to be very, very hard that I have to avoid cuts and scrapes and
Sandee A: Open of any kind. I mean, I'm bruised up all over my
Sandee A: See my arms, where I'm
Sandee A: I just, if I bump up against anything that's it i bruise so hard, but I'm on blood thinners, I have to take baby aspirin.
Richelle Direny: Because a lot of medical underlining medical thing.
Yes.
Sandee A: And to make matters worse, my pancreas started acting up again. So I've been struggling with keeping food down even drinking water I vomited like four times today.
Sandee A: And I'm just
Richelle Direny: I felt she said it was due to I mean granted with the pancreas did the doctor say like your brain curious your pancreas is inflamed or anything is going on with your pancreas.
Sandee A: I have chronic pancreatitis. That is the reason why I was on so much opiate medication.
Sandee A: Back in 2010 when I had my gallbladder removed and they diagnose the chronic pancreatitis. I went to be evaluated.
Sandee A: For the pancreatic I liver transplant because my pancreas does not secrete enzymes that digest food.
Sandee A: And when I went in the hospital to have pancreatic eyelid transplant I develop a blood clot when they were prepping me for surgery.
Sandee A: And it was postponed.
Sandee A: And from that point on, and they started giving me all the opiate medications in
Sandee A: My pancreas, it stopped hurting why I don't wonder why now. I mean, I was
Sandee A: But that was almost 10 years ago now.
Richelle Direny: It's, it's, um,
Richelle Direny: I mean you do definitely have a whole lot of medical things going on. Now this is going to be your second surgery major surgery.
Sandee A: Third,
Richelle Direny: So okay, so what were your other your first two surgeries.
Sandee A: The femoral the bilateral angioplasty looking stencils. The first one and then
Sandee A: I had the double femoral artery bypass in December and now I'm having this axial axial I femoral bypass now.
Sandee A: So that's three in less than six months.
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Richelle Direny: And all of them seem to be interrelated all of the different search
Sandee A: It's yes it's all because I have
Sandee A: To not just peripheral artery disease.
Sandee A: Peripheral vascular disease. It's my entire body. And that's what has me so freaked out. Rochelle is the fact that all of my veins, not just my leg.
Richelle Direny: veins are slowly on
Richelle Direny: The medical world.
Sandee A: Where they said, I have a lot of plaque buildup. Um, but I just had last week cholesterol test done and I don't have cholesterol issues so
Sandee A: They don't know if it's hereditary or I mean my mother had bad problems with her legs.
Sandee A: And it could be a little bit of
Richelle Direny: This she lose her legs, you
Sandee A: Know, she they were successful in just standing, relax.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So the big thing is
Richelle Direny: Now going back to what we talked about. It's the what I said that I just want you to share
Richelle Direny: So I can know your thoughts, the scary part of the surgery and everything that we've said to you, like, how are you process it because it. Listen, there's one way what the doctor tells us, and there's another in how we process the information
Sandee A: What are my thoughts.
Richelle Direny: Because remember, you're, you're having a lot of
Richelle Direny: Anxiety and your anxiety very physical with the vomiting and just kind of like the physical response.
Sandee A: I get overwhelmed when I even tried to talk about. I have a hard time getting my breath. My heart.
Sandee A: starts now. But taking get lightheaded.
Sandee A: I can't sleep.
Sandee A: I mean, I guess what's so overwhelming is the fact that I know when they
Sandee A: Did the first bypass or first procedure, the angioplasty and they perforated the artery I died.
Sandee A: I mean I'm ever so grateful that I they brought me back. But that's a very strong possibility that could happen again.
Richelle Direny: So the, so what's scary is not so much the surgery and the, the total possible outcomes of being in a wheelchair or losing or your legs getting amputated. It is the possibility of dying because of the invasiveness in the just
Richelle Direny: The arm.
Richelle Direny: The magnitude of
Sandee A: Yeah, because of everything that could happen that could go wrong. I mean, there's so much more that could go wrong when she goes in to do this.
Sandee A: Artificial the bypass and they're using artificial material after run it from my shoulder artery, all the way down in through my body to my pain in my leg.
Sandee A: There are nerves appears, she explained to me. I could be paralyzed from a nerve. It's
Sandee A: I mean, those are even less possible then loss of my legs. But, I mean, I could bear allies on the right side from my neck down
Sandee A: But whatever any other reason.
Sandee A: I was given an option. I would not have this surgery but I don't have that option.
Richelle Direny: You want to have this if you are given another option, you wouldn't you would not have the surgery because
Sandee A: Because of all the risks involved.
Richelle Direny: But wouldn't it be true that any type of invasive procedure that is completed. There's a lot of risk involved in it.
Sandee A: This one is more risky because of what I've had done prior
Sandee A: He's the one I had the bypasses done. He's already
Sandee A: Compromised the artery that the doctor has to use to resupply blood to my legs are adequate blood anyway.
Sandee A: Right now, my legs are not getting enough oxygen. I mean, they're cold all the time. And, you know, if you have you ever sat on your foot, and he goes to sleep when you go to stand on. It's like pins and needles.
Sandee A: My leg like that all time.
Sandee A: I've adapted to it and I tried to push through it.
Sandee A: But my legs get so tired so weak and then they start cramping.
Richelle Direny: So if you have, if you have the surgery and you're in a wheelchair. Um, and it goes well but well enough for you to be in a wheelchair, like it always being a wheelchair. The the
Sandee A: Feeling of the menial chair the wheelchair would come to play if it doesn't work, and eventually it means I will lose my legs.
Richelle Direny: You said if this matters to me.
Richelle Direny: It would come into play if it doesn't work, or if it works.
Sandee A: If it doesn't work, then my option. The only option left is of course the wheelchair and without that rich oxygen blood supply.
Sandee A: My legs will die.
Sandee A: I mean, it's only been December, January, February, March, April, it's only been four months since I had that major bypass done in my life.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I think I'm trying to follow. So the
Sandee A: Wheelchair here.
Sandee A: In 30 years I will have no feeling at all in my legs and the tissues will die.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: So in everything that I'm understanding that you're saying is that
Richelle Direny: The surgery is hopefully
Richelle Direny: The surgery.
Richelle Direny: When successful because let's let's be positive.
Richelle Direny: If that you will be able to walk without the king. I mean, without the walker and user be a walk and function.
Richelle Direny: Depending on the direction in which the surgery goes, you could possibly either be in a word wheelchair worst case scenario lose your legs.
Richelle Direny: Now, based on my
Sandee A: And let me stop you there. Honey, it's not a worst case scenario, possibly losing my legs. I will inevitably lose my limbs, because without that blood supply.
Richelle Direny: Even with the surgery.
Yes.
Sandee A: We will hear
Richelle Direny: The surgeon buying your time.
Sandee A: If the surgery work. Eventually I'll have to have the left side, done.
Sandee A: Then I can have my hip replacement
Sandee A: And at the end of the tunnel is that light of me being able to walk without the walker.
Richelle Direny: This is what and listen we're being you're being positive and but I know anxiety is in play. Because when you go to the doctor. The doctor has to tell you everything
Richelle Direny: They have to go over everything.
Richelle Direny: They have to tell you, this is what we're going for. This is why we think that this is the word electing to do the surgery because you need to have the surgery done
Richelle Direny: In the same token, they're saying that in all of the cases that they've ever done. These are two different directions or these are the things that can happen.
Richelle Direny: I think for a medical standpoint, they have to tell you everything they're going to leave no stones on turn in terms of information they're going to tell you everything
Richelle Direny: I
Richelle Direny: Mean like
Richelle Direny: The doctor is sound pretty sure that you know them doing the surgery and them doing it so quickly, because it's coming. It's coming up so close is that it needs to be done, and they need to get to a quick before it goes beyond what they can do, where repair.
Sandee A: Okay, with that being said, I know you don't understand that. Okay.
Sandee A: The surgery that I'm having is supposed to be a one shot surgery and it's supposed to go from my right to my right leg and then from my right leg over to my left leg with a graph, but because of what's already been done.
Sandee A: They have to break it up in two surgeries that strike number one against me.
Sandee A: Number two is I'm not as mobile as
Sandee A: Anybody else is because of my hip arthritis. Therefore, when it comes down, they say she's what the doctor told me was that I would need to do a lot of exercises, etc. What if I could exercise. That'd be wonderful.
Sandee A: But I have a problem walking without the Walker, not just because of the sensations in my legs, it's also because of the hip pain, but I have that hip surgery and until they restore the blood flow.
Richelle Direny: But once you finish. Once you have the surgery and you're at a place. Aren't you going to go to a rehab right after
Sandee A: With this surgery. No, I will be a nice little three to five days and then I'll come home to recover what she said. What happened from there is either. I would go to a physical place possibly use a pool, um,
Sandee A: I don't think that will happen until the incision is yielding the stitches are out. But at that point do exercises to build the strength up in my leg, because they're so weak right now from the last surgery I had it's it's just ridiculous to impossible for me to walk.
Sandee A: And I haven't given up hope. But
Sandee A: I'm losing hope.
Sandee A: I mean, I do. I feel like I'm at the end of the road a dead end road.
Sandee A: Against a rock and a hard
Sandee A: Place. I know.
Sandee A: I phases very strong, but quite honestly, Rochelle I need a miracle.
Richelle Direny: I know you said that you know i don't understand in terms of the medical piece of it, and rightfully so.
Sandee A: Well, yeah. And you weren't sitting on the doctor was talking to me, telling me I don't want to have to be the one to tell you this, but, you know, this is what we want you to be prepared for
Sandee A: And a lot of what the doctor was telling me she kept saying because of what you already had done.
Sandee A: And in me thinking about what I've already had done.
Sandee A: It failed.
Sandee A: So I've, I've got less than a 5050 chance is what I'm being told.
Richelle Direny: Well, you have a chance
Yes.
Richelle Direny: That's what we're talking about is the chance that you have
Richelle Direny: And that's what you have to. You say that you have hope. And you you know you have faith. And that's what you have to hold on to is that you have a chance
Richelle Direny: If you didn't have it if you'd be going down this road. And I think that's where a lot of your anxiety comes from because
Richelle Direny: You're not capitalizing on you have a chance and they're trying to give you and I and I understand what you're saying that in. However, the doctor spoke to you and all that they shared with you, but you have a chance and
Richelle Direny: Holding on to hope and having faith is holding on to that you have a chance
Sandee A: I know that, and I do I go through the motions every morning when I wake up every other hour when I'm awake through the night, and it's like a rocking chair, he know I go back and forth, back and forth, holding on.
Sandee A: To that little bit of hope.
Sandee A: But
Richelle Direny: Because your brain only brings you back to the it's a 5050 chance
Richelle Direny: Erasing
Richelle Direny: Your well whatever the percent of your brain. What keeps you up at night and what makes us anxious is because our, our brain.
Richelle Direny: Goes and focus on the negatives piece of it. Your brain is saying that your chances limited, this is what's going to happen and you may lose your leg. You may be in a walker. It's not going to work. You remember the last time you did this. That's what you're bringing, bringing you back to
It.
Sandee A: It's me, that has gone on and on in my head round and round.
Richelle Direny: And we have hope.
Richelle Direny: If I'm being faithful and if I am. Look at my little wall here walking by faith.
Sandee A: Yeah I noticed that
Richelle Direny: If I'm walking by faith.
Richelle Direny: I have to hold on to.
Richelle Direny: And have faith in the chairs. They're trying
And they're working towards
Sandee A: Really trying so hard to be that person that my daughter wants me to be an
Sandee A: Hold on to the hope and you know
Sandee A: I just get overwhelmed. I
Sandee A: I don't understand. I just don't
Sandee A: Because you're you're you're
Richelle Direny: In. I understand that. I understand that. But are you the type of person who even though you have faith and you're holding on to hope. Are you the type of person who thinks about the negative pieces of things before focusing on the positives.
Sandee A: No I push myself every day.
Richelle Direny: So what's, what's the struggle. Now with pushing yourself and staying faithful and hopeful that they're giving me a chance. Even if it's a 1% chance it's a chance
Sandee A: Well just up until when I spoke with the surgeon who is going to try and restore my legs. Um, I had that hope in the back of my mind.
Sandee A: They are, you know, I'm going to recreate blood vessels and I'm going to be okay. And I just push a little harder and my legs will stop feeling like they're asleep all time and I'll stop getting cramps and Middle of the night that
Sandee A: Are unbelievably hurts so much
Sandee A: You know, I want to believe that it's going to be okay. But it's been four months.
Sandee A: And it's just gradually gotten to this point, every day, it gets harder.
Sandee A: And I kind of feel like I should have plateaued by now.
Richelle Direny: plateaued in what way.
Sandee A: I should have gotten used to it. Mine how I guess is what I'm trying to say because
Richelle Direny: having surgery are used to
Sandee A: The sensations. I'm feeling low or the lack of, I guess.
Richelle Direny: They're giving you a chance of not being in pain anymore.
Richelle Direny: They're giving you hope.
Richelle Direny: You won't be in pain, they're giving you hope that I know your history. So we're going to talk about your history, we're going to review your history.
Richelle Direny: We're going to talk about all the different possibilities and where you can go and what you're getting into. And prepare yourself for all of that, right, because you have enough medical issues and has gone to enough different specialists than just doctors in general to know
Richelle Direny: That they have to give you all
Richelle Direny: What when it's all said and done what they want you to do is
Richelle Direny: Just keep the faith and maintain the same
Sandee A: I had so much hope and faith in the doctor that original and you done this.
Sandee A: You know, the doctor told me that he would see to it that I would dance again. Well guess what, I don't think I will.
Sandee A: I'm trying not
Sandee A: To be negative.
Sandee A: Overwhelmed I I can't shake it off. I don't know what to do about it. I can't sleep at night when I do sleep. I have nightmares I have.
Sandee A: flashbacks. When I coded on that table and
Sandee A: I mean, I can hear the screaming and we're losing, we're losing her
Sandee A: And I think because it's in front of me again.
Sandee A: That I'm going under the knife again I'm
Sandee A: I'm so frightened.
Sandee A: I don't know. I can explain anything
Richelle Direny: I think it's because you're so frightened, like your, your fear.
Richelle Direny: Is making your anxiety goes through the roof.
Richelle Direny: Your fear and your anxiety is making it very hard to hold on to face.
Richelle Direny: Your fear, anxiety is making it hard to hold on to fake. So you're you're losing hope.
Richelle Direny: Because all all of that is doing is making you focus on the all of the what ifs in comparison to holding onto the chance
Richelle Direny: The hope.
Sandee A: That that is
Richelle Direny: Everything you say to me, everything when you're when I'm talking to you, you go back to
Richelle Direny: Everything that has happened that were negative everything and not to say that, you know, hey, this is negative, this is negative because it's not because it's a surgery that needs to happen. And this is what's really going on. So it's not negative, because it's not
Richelle Direny: We're not being negative because hey, you know what, this is what I'm going to be faced with in two weeks. I'm going to be doing this.
Richelle Direny: What it is for you. Is that your mind, it's very hard for you to grasp.
Richelle Direny: That they're going to put me under and it's almost like having PTSD, because you go back to I remember when I was on that table and I hate. Remember when I'm saying we're losing her we're losing her that's just playing in your mind.
Richelle Direny: And so
Sandee A: The little playing over and over in my mind is the doctor saying to me.
Sandee A: The bypass that you had back in December has failed. It's occluded.
Sandee A: Your options are limited.
Sandee A: Mm hmm. And there's only one thing left that we can do.
Sandee A: This is my last chance to save my legs.
Sandee A: But when we do this.
Sandee A: You have to understand that this surgery.
Sandee A: Um, the outcome could result in and there's a possibility. Oh.
Sandee A: She didn't talk to me about when the surgery is over with and rehabilitation and getting my legs stronger.
Sandee A: The main focus was what could go wrong.
Sandee A: And I'm having a hard time getting past that.
Richelle Direny: Is the, what can go wrong.
Sandee A: The appointment. The majority of that appointment with her was, this could happen. This happen. And if this happens, you need to be prepared for this.
Sandee A: Not telling me that when we're finished, and everything starts getting better and you're going to be able to walk again she never said this things to me.
Richelle Direny: What would it be right to say that. Well, every time you go to the doctor and they tell you about, you know, these are the side effects. This is what could happen. This is if you do this, and they tell you everything
Richelle Direny: Don't we naturally go to everything that they tell us that they go wrong all the different side effects.
Sandee A: Not naturally
Sandee A: And I did. I was very attentive, isn't it, my daughter also was there with me, and she was attending and when we left there, she said.
Sandee A: Mom, I just got you back in my life. I'm not ready to lose you yet.
Sandee A: She doesn't want me to have this surgery, either.
Richelle Direny: So it sounds to me that your real fear.
Richelle Direny: Is
Sandee A: Low my real fear is dying.
Richelle Direny: Losing the possibility of
Richelle Direny: spending this time with your daughter because going back to my said it's the dying because of what happened in the past.
Sandee A: It's not just what happened in the past. It's the list that the doctor went through that.
Richelle Direny: All of it as you just said your fear your fear your real fear is dying.
Sandee A: Yes. And my daughter does not want me to go through with the surgery, she said she would be there for me if I do
Sandee A: But it's me going in a wheelchair and losing my legs is going to keep me or longer, she'd rather have me as being empty.
Richelle Direny: What, then, so the fear of the night with that piece of it comes from in out of the surgery.
Sandee A: I don't understand what you mean.
Richelle Direny: Because you said that your real fear of dying. Now, and you said that the list that the doctor went over that went through with
Sandee A: That she had more negative things to say than anything possible positive
Sandee A: It's a very complex and complicated surgery.
Sandee A: I mean, she's already told me that I will be having
Sandee A: Additional transfusions during the surgery.
Sandee A: Because I'll be bleeding out a lot.
Richelle Direny: Because of the car because of the arteries that they're going to be working on.
Richelle Direny: It is it is
Richelle Direny: Since knowing that have us been spending a little bit more time with your daughter.
Sandee A: She was off yesterday and I tried to spend as much time as I could with her.
Sandee A: But
Sandee A: It's hard to it's hard getting my Walker in the car and
Sandee A: You know, I can't ask her to come and sit here and just talk. She wants to be out and about and doing things and taking me to people to meet them and you know yesterday she wanted to take me to the church, so I can meet her pastor and the pastor's wife and
Sandee A: She took me to a place of employment and introduced me to her boss and every time we went and stop somewhere. It was getting in and out of the car and that just irritates and aggravates my hip and my legs.
Sandee A: To the point of my legs go totally numb.
Sandee A: And I can't tell her that
Richelle Direny: Did you did you
Richelle Direny: When you went to the fact that they pray with you.
Sandee A: Yes.
Sandee A: I've been since I've been down here. I've been going
Sandee A: To the virtual church on Sunday mornings with my daughter. I just haven't been able to meet them face to face yet.
Sandee A: So, I mean,
Sandee A: They're actually people who are helping to maintain and pay for this room. The what I can't pay
Sandee A: I'm paying $100 a week. The room fees 250 a week.
Sandee A: Because I paid around 400 a month before
Sandee A: They saw our able to make arrangements with the owners of this motel.
Sandee A: To where I paid $100 a week and they pay 150
Richelle Direny: OK, so the church is the church is helping you and everybody kind of their you have a little bit more way more to support
Richelle Direny: A lot more support.
Sandee A: I reached out to a helpline down here earlier today, just because I felt like I
Sandee A: Needed to talk to someone and my new care Navigator. I didn't even know I had a new one. But in speaking with her. I'm
Sandee A: I'm not in any way, shape, or form suicidal. I'm scared to death die, but
Sandee A: When I lay down and go to sleep. I
Sandee A: Some of my last thoughts that are if I don't wake up, then the pain will go away.
Sandee A: But almost like clockwork every two and a half or three hours.
Sandee A: I'm waking pain.
Sandee A: Is wearing me down.
Richelle Direny: You say you have faith. Do you believe in God.
Sandee A: Oh yes, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: Do you pray
Sandee A: I just didn't have an hour time processing everything and comprehending it all.
Sandee A: And
Richelle Direny: It's it sounds to me like it's hard for you to process it and comprehending it
Richelle Direny: This is what I'm hearing and just correct me if I'm wrong, you have a hard time because granted you've kind of gone down this medical world for a while. Kind of know that your things coming up.
Richelle Direny: You have a hard time processing comprehending it because know in just the last month, you have transitioned to
Richelle Direny: This, this new place where you're going to be spending more time with your daughter and you know guys going to work on just
Richelle Direny: Just building a better relationship between mother and daughter and all of that, knowing, even though you knew there were some medical things going on. And that you need.
Richelle Direny: Surgery, but now this is a big game changer and all you're thinking about is, I'm going to lose the opportunity to spend with my daughter. I'm gonna lose this I may die because of all of the things that they were telling you so now
Richelle Direny: Death is like what sits on the forefront of your brain. So because of that, it's just so hard to process everything and just kind of maintain the whole thing, keep faith and just look at
Richelle Direny: The chair. They me popular you make you're getting
Sandee A: The bottom line is I need a miracle.
Sandee A: I need a miracle. Because after this surgery and she told me that they're going to have to watch me very closely because I'm gonna have a hard time healing.
Sandee A: My legs have been deprived of oxygen rich blood and it could cause complications.
Hey,
Sandee A: I'm just
Sandee A: And this is all new to me. Also, I just am finding these things out this week.
Sandee A: I mean, yes, you're right. I'll come down here knowing what I needed to have my hip replaced
Richelle Direny: Your income, they're expecting to hear what you're hearing now.
Exactly.
Richelle Direny: And so it's it's a lot to process because it's a it's a big transition. It's a whole lot of happening.
Sandee A: You know when when
Richelle Direny: It doesn't sound like a
Sandee A: fun night when anybody that I know is or even even a stranger. I'm going to use this as a scenario.
Sandee A: A lot of times yesterday. For instance, when I was at the hospital having lab work done. The woman said to me, go to your happy place.
Sandee A: And
Sandee A: When, when a person is in so much pain.
Sandee A: How can you think about taking a stroll in the park.
Sandee A: You know, or going on a long Sunday drive when your legs fall asleep just sitting
Sandee A: It's so hard.
Sandee A: To concentrate on good things.
Sandee A: Because the last year. My wife has been a living hell.
Richelle Direny: It honestly I'm Sandy.
Richelle Direny: being around people to help because I think what's happening as well being home by yourself.
Richelle Direny: Over time just keeps your mind rolling just thinking about. That's all you can think about
Sandee A: Yeah, out of my diamond art. I don't have any more towards
Sandee A: I'm sorry, that was sorry
You're fine.
Sandee A: You know I'm yesterday in group I have such a weak stomach and
Sandee A: I don't remember his name.
Sandee A: A key Akita
Sandee A: Or
Sandee A: A deca or
Richelle Direny: The
Sandee A: Yeah.
Sandee A: After you while you were talking them. And after you finish speaking them. I mean I save roles and I tried to learn while I'm in that session, but he kept spitting
Sandee A: Oh my gosh.
Richelle Direny: They are in the group.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Oh, Mike up Spinning. Spinning
Richelle Direny: Yes. Oh. Oh, I know what you're talking about. I know what you're talking. I told him like he needs to stop.
Sandee A: Or you didn't, I didn't hear you tell him to stop spitting, but every time that that I see that it made it made me gag.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: You talking about my head.
Richelle Direny: Right. You're talking about the academics. Yes, I did. I did. I told him like your girlfriend. Yes.
Sandee A: Oh, well, maybe you're sending the text I just to me that that took me back quite a few years and my kids when they were growing up, I'm a hillbilly I grew up in the woods barefooted
Sandee A: And when my kids would bring friends home from school or during the summer months. If they sit on my property. They had believe
Sandee A: And I'm because I walk in my bare feet. I don't want to step in your movie. And it's funny because the kids that I would discipline. I tell you gotta go. I don't nobody spits my yard.
Sandee A: They will always come back to me and apologized and tell me, I'll miss a really sorry. And we won't do it again.
Richelle Direny: I remember what it was, it wasn't a little. It was a little I did. I did. I did. I don't remember if it was a message I sent or I did, I did tell him. Like, could you not do that on the camera.
Sandee A: I don't think
Sandee A: I don't know, I, is it okay when I come to group and I leave my video off. I mean, I just
Richelle Direny: I would appreciate, like when you come in and you start off with your video on. And at some point, if you want to turn it off. You turn it off.
Richelle Direny: At least
Sandee A: If I ever had anything to say. I will turn it on. But other than that, I mean, because I can just there was another fellow that was falling asleep and
Sandee A: I mean, I, I'm very observant. That's another thing I'm sure other people watch other people too. But I'm very punctual, and I don't know what happened this morning but remember a couple weeks ago you were telling everybody that we should check in up to six hours early and they would email.
Richelle Direny: Early yesterday.
Sandee A: Yeah, but I didn't get the at 625 last night, I got a message from telling me with ID.
Sandee A: Reality in the room.
Richelle Direny: Yesterday, so this is the thing. Yesterday we especially with groups of individuals are different because individuals. The code is the same. It's the same every time we meet for individual
Richelle Direny: The groups. It's a little different because the groups, even though you check in really early. The code doesn't come available to you until maybe an hour half an hour to an hour before
Richelle Direny: If I'm in a sense. So like if I'm in a session right now. And my session goes over and I will have to ask them to generate a number for me and they will have to send it
Richelle Direny: And so I think that's what happened yesterday. That's what because everybody started flowing in. At the same time, because they had to send it for because I was in a session on my session literally ended at six o'clock.
Sandee A: Well I at 530 yesterday, I still hadn't gotten emails. So I went into virtual clinic and I actually took me almost
Richelle Direny: 40 minutes because what you said when you when you so like in a situation like that, if you because I know you check in, because you were the only one that checked in. As early as you did.
Richelle Direny: I see that, you know, I saw that you checked in. So if, like, if I have the code and it's coming closer to the time and you say, Hey, I'm sitting here waiting and I don't have the I could send you to hold because then I saw that you sent you checked in. So
Sandee A: What I've been trying to come to the early sessions like noon on Thursday, but yesterday I was at the hospital, letting blood work done that very fact that that's what I did. While I was waiting for them to draw my blood was my survey, it took him three hours to get my boys.
Richelle Direny: Was a long
Sandee A: Before they had to keep putting hot compresses on my arm, and it was a slow process. And I got
Sandee A: Four different technicians an eight times I got poked
Richelle Direny: Know, wow. Maybe the technician didn't really know what they were doing.
Sandee A: No, I'm hard stick. I know that it then it's also because of the peripheral vascular disease.
Sandee A: My veins are just
Sandee A: No good.
Sandee A: So listen, I really do appreciate you taking your time out.
Sandee A: To speak with me. And I don't mean to be so negative
Sandee A: But it's so hard.
Richelle Direny: It is, it is. And it listen, it is I can think about different times where I have been in situations where something is
Richelle Direny: take some deep breaths, take some deep breaths.
Richelle Direny: You sure you don't need to go to the ER.
Sandee A: No I when she called me and told me they see me I'd actually just lay down. Try and rest a little bit because I've been up all night.
Richelle Direny: So maybe that's what you need to do try to get some rest.
Richelle Direny: Because your mind is all over active and everything. So maybe trying to get some rest is best
Sandee A: Yeah, I think I need that really bad.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Sandee A: So I don't know what happened yesterday. I'm Natalie sent a prescription into my drugstore and I got a text message because I have message alerts telling me that it was way too. It was too early to get my prescription
Sandee A: When she called my prescription in on
Sandee A: Mars it out here.
Sandee A: She called the last prescription and on this 14
Sandee A: She gave me 114 strips.
Sandee A: This time they gave me 47 of them. And I have a refill that I get on June the 14th. So I didn't ask for a prescription yesterday. I didn't need one.
Sandee A: But evidently she generated a prescription anyway. And when I called the pharmacy. He said that what they would do is just keep it on file.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, I don't know.
Sandee A: I definitely won't. I asked for another prescription until I need it.
Richelle Direny: Oh, I think she'll be able to tell if you needed another prescription
Sandee A: Well, she should have been able to see that I she just gave me that TWO MONTHS SUPPLY Rochelle.
Richelle Direny: Or two months acquire
Sandee A: She gave me on May the 14th.
Sandee A: And can you see that it says 47 refills of 114 they gave me 60
Richelle Direny: Oh wow, okay. Yeah. So I'll let her know that that's it you don't
Richelle Direny: See here, let her know, You don't need another one.
Sandee A: Yeah, I won't ask for another one I get a refill, he said. On June 14 I'll get the balance of that refill and says she prescribed 114 I got 60 of those
Richelle Direny: Wow, that's a lot. Maybe, I don't know, I'm guessing that is somewhat of an error.
Sandee A: Because I know I think that you she realized I mean I'm going through a lot right now and I did ask her to give me a little bit of
Sandee A: Breathing Room because I knew I was going to be having these procedures and I didn't know about this procedure, but I know it's going to be having a hip surgery and stuff.
Sandee A: And I have to talk to her on Monday about that. The anesthesiologist was trying to explain the difference between some box on the sub B tech
Sandee A: And that's she told me I needed to find out what he meant. Because she doesn't understand it either.
Sandee A: So I do have a call into the anesthesiologist, I know I will talk to him before Monday morning.
Sandee A: Unless he worked on Saturday.
Sandee A: Tomorrow is my birthday.
Richelle Direny: Oh, happy birthday.
Sandee A: Right, I haven't celebrated a birthday in all my years but
Sandee A: Are you
Richelle Direny: What are you going to go by your, your daughter's
Sandee A: I'm actually tomorrow evening as my granddaughter's first softball game this year. So I'm going to go with them to the softball games.
Richelle Direny: Daughter has
Richelle Direny: Been nice then
Sandee A: Yes, I'm looking forward to it. And I'm hoping I can get enough for us up on my legs because there's flowing from the activity yesterday.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I like I said it's you really need to, like, kind of get out. I think also
Richelle Direny: Um,
Sandee A: Believe me, I go a whole lot more since I've moved down here. Then when I did and I was up north.
Richelle Direny: You mean go out
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so I think, in light of everything going on now. I think it will be good for you to just kind of get out of the house kind of
Sandee A: Change.
Sandee A: Up the get my mind off and hoping that again another one of my diamond arts in the mail. They ordered more of them. I'm just get some do
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. Yes, yes. To keep like distract yourself get
Richelle Direny: Out of your head just kind of
Richelle Direny: Just change it up.
Sandee A: Tonight I went several places down here and tried to find them and they don't sell new stores.
Sandee A: Probably have to go to the craft store to get one but
Richelle Direny: What with all of the restrictions, it's gonna be hard to go to a craft or
Sandee A: They're slowly opening back up down here.
Richelle Direny: They are
Yes.
Sandee A: In the nail salons are back open now.
Sandee A: I checked it Myers and Walmart and
Sandee A: Came down here and they didn't carry him.
Richelle Direny: With them that. Yeah, I mean, but, you know, even if you find something else. You know, it's weird because like on your phone. They have like an app.
Richelle Direny: Because I've seen an act like that like a gaming app that was like that diamond art where you take it up and you just place it in different places.
Sandee A: And I've seen the pain.
Richelle Direny: Not the painting one. There's one that you pick up the different diamonds and you put it in the numbers.
Richelle Direny: And then it like form never seen. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: They have something
Sandee A: Okay, well, you want to schedule another appointment or
Sandee A: Hold on one second. Have any availabilities are you booked up.
Sandee A: My surgery.
Richelle Direny: The surgery is exactly
June 16
Richelle Direny: Tuesday.
You can tell
Richelle Direny: Me right before your surgery. Maybe we can meet right before your surgery.
Sandee A: All right.
Richelle Direny: Let's meet on the ninth at 10
Richelle Direny: No, no, sorry. Let it be nine o'clock at night. The ninth at nine.
Sandee A: Tonight at 9am yeah
Richelle Direny: Got it.
Sandee A: All right, and I will not is this always going to be the room number for you.
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes.
Sandee A: Okay, I'll keep that room number and then should I come just directly to you or come in through virtual clinic.
Richelle Direny: You always sign always whenever coma for appointment always sign in first virtual once you finish the check in process, you just use that number to come to me.
Sandee A: Okay, all right, am
Richelle Direny: I right
Sandee A: Yes, I'm going to get my legs up and get my head way down.
Sandee A: Again,
Richelle Direny: Just say a little prayer every day, just kind of like my saying walk by faith, just having faith, Lord. Help me to have faith and to hold on to hope.
Sandee A: I've got my Bible right here on the bed with me. So I read every night before I go to bed and I pray all day long but keep me in your prayers. Okay.
Sandee A: All right, we'll show a healthy
Sandee A: Thank you. We'll talk with you soon.
Richelle Direny: Alright, no problem. Bye.
Sandee A: Thank you.